# Ballers
2020 NBA finals coverage
Welcome to Ballers 
This page was created to have full coverage of the NBA 2020 Finals between the Los Angeles Lakers from the Western Conference and the Miami Heat from the Eastern Conference. The Lakers led by LeBron James and Anthony Davis look to win it all and gain their 17th championship which would tie them for all-time championships at first with the Boston Celtics. However the Miami Heat led by Jimmy Butler with their grit and grind mentality hope to win their 4th championship. Many have counted out the Heat from the Finals, though they have several young players under great guidance they have made it to the finals while only losing 3 games in the total 15 games they have played in the playoffs. The Lakers however title favorites led by the considered best basketball player in the NBA right now have also lost 3 games on the path to the finals out of 15 total games played on the path to the Finals. These historic playoffs played at Orlando in the first ever bubble playoffs with no at attendance fans are a great show down between two great teams.

Game 1 
Score: Lakers 118-96 Heat. 
The Lakers win game one in a dominant performace, Anthony Davis led the way wiht 34 points, 9 rebounds and 5 assists wiht LeBron following him scoring 25 points, 13 rebounds and 9 assists on a near triple-double. The Lakers shot a 45.2% from the field and 39.5% from beyond the three-point line. The Heat take a hard loss in game one with Jimmy Butler scoring 23 points, 5 assists and 2 rebounds. The main take-away from this game was that the Lakers controlled the rebounding game the entire time with two 7 footers on the court in Anthony Davis and Dwight Howard. The Heat's shooters also did not deliver this game as they shot only 31.4% from beyond the arc which included one of the main shooters for Maimi Duncan Robinson only shooting three shots all from beyond the arc and making none. He scored 0 points this game. If the Heat want to keep their championship hopes alive they need their shooters to deliver. They also need to control the rebouning game as the Lakers had 54 rebounds compared to the 36 rebounds from the Heat.

